[Music]
Hello, welcome to Chat in the Arena, your
weekly podcast where we recommend and
exchange ideas about content we've
read, listened to, and watched, always bringing a
product/PR discussion perspective. I'm
Artur, and I'm feeling good today because I
went skydiving this
weekend, so all the adrenaline is gone. I'm
fine. You
don't say you have a cold, do you? Only when I'm
sick do you start pointing fingers
at me. But what's most
important is that I
'm so relaxed about things like that, even because I went skydiving, I'm
not even
remembering I have a cold, okay? And
I'm X, and it's a lovely holiday week,
and in today's program
we're going to talk about the following topics:
Sanman's opinions on communication and
how to develop PMs without problems. Let's go, what do you
say? Let's go or not?
Of course not, right? Before that, there's a little
plug because May has arrived, May has arrived!
We announced it here several weeks ago, there was
time to subscribe, and
people are people, right? People are
human beings, right? Impressive.  These are
human beings, exactly. This
Saturday, there's a course on
critical and analytical thinking with me and
Dudu from RD ST,
and registrations are popping up this
week because, you know, people leave it to the last
minute. Of course, why not, right? So,
this Saturday, May 4th, here in
São Paulo, there's a course on
critical and analytical thinking with me and Dudu
Magalhães. There will also be an online edition
on May 18th, and on May 11th there will be
the second class of the AI ​​for PMs
in practice course with me, Efren, and several
case studies of people who are doing it day-to-day.
Including our dear friend here,
Aix, talking about the GPT he created.
And that's it, right? As always, there's that
special discount for listeners in the
description. That's it. Let's go! And before that, the little
message we brought here:
if you hear
anything in this episode that you like and
think someone else might like too,
click the share button. Send
it to your friend,
your boss, your
coworkers so they can listen to the program
too. It helps us a lot!  Okay, let's get
to the agenda. Let's go!
[Music]
We're going to start
today's program talking about a tweet from Sam Altman,
the famous CEO of OpenAI, where he says the
following (in a free translation, right?): "
Learning to say something in 30 seconds that
takes most people 5 minutes is
a great discovery." The theme of this tweet is what
I brought up today so we can
discuss it because I think it's very
relevant for product people. Because,
as they say, our main
job is to communicate as PMs and
product leaders, and communicating clearly, concisely, and
directly is one of the things that
makes the biggest difference in how
you are perceived, especially as
you climb the career ladder, the more
seniority you have in leadership positions.
And from what I've seen and experienced over all
these years in this
vital industry, many problems that
we initially call
communication problems sometimes do
n't have to do with communication itself,
but with people's ability
to break down and structure
problems that ultimately unfold into how you're
going to talk about them. So, my dear
Artur, I wanted to know your
opinions on how to communicate clearly and directly.  Please be concise
on this subject. I once took
an executive communication course that
said you can tell any story in six words,
and on the day of the course
we did several exercises, and it
really works. So, first
thing I'll leave as homework for
our listeners: do this test with a
few things, you'll see that it's
possible. The best place to
practice this is in slide titles.
I'm sure that in this
executive communication course they talked about this,
that many times we use
slide titles as if they were just something like, "This is the
subject of this slide," and in fact, the
title should be a conclusion, right?
Exactly, exactly. And it's great because the
title... You have little space. So,
saying it in six words is great, and it's
funny, isn't it? There are
many memes about this, about the keyboard of people
who are more in executive positions, it's
just, "Okay, I don't need more information," right? Those
are the three answers, and
we've already talked in several episodes here
about understanding the audience. It's something that,
however simple it may seem, makes all the
difference, and for me, communication is the
synthesis of that, right? Communication... And that's it.
The more you can get your
message across, the better.  You need to do it in the shortest
amount of time possible, and that's it, man. The
higher you are in the field, the more
you need to have that
context shift, or connect the dots
very quickly to make a decision, right? And that's it. The
more you can summarize that
information, the better things will
happen, man. Totally, this tweet made me
think along the lines of what you're
saying. Besides the ability to
connect and communicate
things concisely, there's a
skill I really admire, and
that I think is a good skill
of good leaders, and that I confess
I still have difficulty with, is the
person who can grasp context with
little information, with a few minutes or a
little information, they can
put together the scenario in their head
and contribute to the discussion. You know, I
think it's really cool when a leader enters a
meeting, listens for 5 minutes, or reads the document like, "
Oh, this, this, this," and
can actually contribute. You know, I
confess that I think I'm
good at that part, and I think that's how it's
developed. It's never overnight,
but when... well, man,
normally I do, I don't know, a project
overview with... I've even done it with...  10
times in the same day, you know? So,
every half hour, you do a
context shift, man, it's something where you
need to connect a lot of things, right? So it's
really not an easy thing, but it
helps because anything
you hear at any point, you're already
connecting it to something else,
right? That's the good part of
being present in several
different contexts, you can, through the
connections, put together this puzzle as a
whole, right? So you don't need
all the information coming from the same
place at once because you can
look at everything. And there was another thing
that connects to what you said and
has a lot to do with the text I read
this week, we'll leave the link there, the
text is "What do SK language models actually
do?" and it starts by talking about this
ability of LLMs to summarize, right? As
one of the main things, taking a
large block of text,
whatever content, and transforming it into something
smaller, summarized, and not only
that, but transforming it—it gives a
very visual example in TeX, where it takes a large
gray block and transforms it into a
small gray block, but...  LLMs can
transform that into a red block, into
a slightly larger block with a gradient, you
know? So it does both the work
of summarizing and summarizing and
remixing, which he talks about in the text, which makes a
lot of sense. And LLMs are in
our daily lives, so we can use them to
our advantage, right? And they help us. But I
think there's a lot of connection between this,
like how I take a lot of
information, I synthesize it, and I take it
to other people. And that's what you said,
obviously considering who I
'm talking to. For example, we talked about
executive communication, right? It's
different to give a presentation to
directors about what you're going to do with
your team than to a group that needs a
high level of depth. The
difference between depth and
having more horizontal information isn't
more breadth versus more depth.
And I think another
important thing is the channel, right? Clan already
said that the melody is the message. So
you're communicating a meeting—that was
Steve Jobs, no, that was Michael
Jackson, one of the fathers of communication.
So it's different to be delivering a
message in a chat versus presenting.
Verses making one of... So you have to
adapt too, and in the increasingly
virtual and connected world we live in, this thing about
synchronous and
asynchronous messages can cause
nuclear wars, right? You're there, there's that long
text on Slack, are you going to stop to read
everything? Probably not, right? And let's
be very honest here, so how many long
texts or
group messages do you have to read on
Slack, etc.? So the one that's left for the end
of the day, at the end of the day you're going to
read it, and you also start to get the tone of
voice, so you read the tone of voice you
want, right? You have the context, you
can... I highly recommend it to my
team, like, when you want to
send me a message, if it's about something,
send me an audio, I prefer that,
even though I don't like receiving
audio, wait, wait, it's crazy, no, no, no,
but on Slack, man, it works really well
because you get exactly
the tone of voice the person is speaking, you know?
On Slack it only works because it has
transcription,
on WhatsApp the only people who have it, the only
people who have it  I'm authorized to
receive audio messages by Nina and Silvinha, but
at work, like any other work, I
can receive unlimited audio messages. And then you
talk about the
difference between a summary and a synthesis. There are
times when you need to summarize
information, and that's why I even asked for
help in the GPT chat. I also looked at my
notes from the course I took, and a
summary is literally a
faithful reduction of the original content, while a
synthesis is based on facts but can also
be interpretive and analytical,
so you can give other perspectives on what
you're synthesizing. That's it.
Sometimes, when you
need to communicate at a more
executive level, a synthesis can make all the
difference. And for everyday
communication, a summary can be a
better fit, right? Use bullet points
and the Rule of Three: three elements
together. Man, I talk about this a lot. Instead of
writing a long text,
that 72-line paragraph,
put three bullet points in there. I'm sure
people will get more
information from the bullet points than from the
super detailed text, etc. When a
bullet point is that number...  Still, right? 2 or 3
is still better because when
you're going to respond, you'll say, "Oh, two, such, such, such, such."
TRS makes PR easier, wow, that's it. Do you think
we communicated well
in this segment? We went along the lines of
saying in 5 minutes what we should have
said in 30 seconds, I don't know. But
to finish and give you one more resource, there are
four factors that are
important when you're
structuring a message. You have to
think about the objective of the message you
want to convey to your audience.
What is the message, right? In fact, I
summarize it as
receptivity. This is something that is very
little used or analyzed. For
every message I'm going to write, I
think about what feeling
I expect from whoever receives
this message. You know what I want them to feel?
Like, activate a sense
of urgency in that moment. Okay, it
's just communication, just an
alert, or what else? I
want them to feel really impressed, or whatever.
Because, man, this changes the whole
architecture and structure of how you're
going to communicate something. And then you're going to use
these other things if it's going to be a...  Summary:
If it's going to be a synthesis, how much data do
you need to know? How much
aggregated information? How much of
that information is impactful? What
word
will you use? Other things, but now we're
already going to other things, but here are some
tips, like... and another thing I
mentioned at the beginning, but I think we did
n't get into it here, which is studying
problem structuring because that's
very fundamental in communication. How do
you break down a larger problem into
smaller parts? This will help you, PR, to
communicate better,
especially at more executive levels, where there will
often be many people who are
more business-oriented (in quotes) and less
in your discipline, and so on. People
are already trained to think more or less in
this way, breaking things down and fitting them
into little boxes. So, problem-
solving... and what Artur said, right?
Top-down communication versus
bottom-up communication. I think those are two topics
that will help you a lot to
improve your communication, especially
at more advanced levels of
seniority in your
career. Content two is about a
Brazilian article by Sérgio Schuler, but it's
in English, which is "How to Develop
High-Performance PMs".  This is a
practical guide with tips on how
product leaders can and should
maintain
frequent feedback with their teams. The
article talks a lot about
maintaining a consistent feedback frequency, not just
doing it once or twice a year during the
performance cycle, etc. It emphasizes being clear in
feedback, planning, following up, and providing
support. But ultimately, what
I liked most about this article is that it doesn't involve
any contrived formulas. It's very much in the
style we always talk about here –
simple, practical things that
work. "By The Way" is the name of
my newsletter,
BR Bic, and it works! But hey, have you ever
had a leader who didn't give you feedback,
or all the feedback was a surprise?
Interestingly, no, never. I've never
been in a situation where I'm talking to a
leader and they say something
completely surprising or that I
disagree with. What sometimes happens is
they offer a different perspective on a
situation than what I
received, but that's very much a matter of
perception and never in a way like, "Damn, I do
n't agree, you're completely crazy!"
I think things I've experienced, and I'm
sure you as a leader have, are,
for example, that period...  And there aren't
one-on-one meetings every week or
every two weeks because it's
super common for startups to have due diligence sessions, for
example, before funding rounds, and so on.
Normally, your leader is screwed, and what
I thought was super honest was, "
Man, this next month I'm going to be
really screwed, we won't be able to
do our meetings. If there's something
very urgent, you can call me and
we'll make space here, but we wo
n't have this frequent block here,
which is what we talked about
last week, which is that what's agreed upon doesn't cost much,
right?" And again, what we talked about
last week is that
things don't need to be rocket science,
right? Keep it simple. I think this
article by Sérgio is very much along those lines; there's
nothing new or innovative in what
he's saying, but they are practical and
easy tips that you can apply in your day-to-day life to
actually help you, as a leader, to
help develop
people. And I think the core of this is
feedback and follow-up, right?
And I feel that, as a leader,
I've had a leader
who didn't give me much feedback, but I've
felt that...  I was the leader who gave little
feedback. At some point, I would
only give improvement feedback, and
I remember once talking to
my former boss, she mentioned the
six-to-one rule, which is that
ideally you should have six pieces of
positive reinforcement feedback for every one you give
for improvement. You can
do one of these things, you can look it up on the
internet, it's called "six-to-one." It's difficult,
but for me, it really became a turning point.
Not that I have to
give six pieces of feedback, but that I'm
always monitoring myself and looking for things
to reinforce, you know, so it's not always
just about
saying I'm doing badly,
etc. But this is even something
he talks about in the article, right? He talks
specifically about the "
sandwich feedback" pattern, where you start by
giving good feedback, I don't know what, which I'm
also not very much in favor of.
In the end, I'll
give my perception regarding
this. It has to be a "bite and blow" game. For
me, it's a very bad game. There are
days when you'll have to give something
that you need to give.  Feedback is
only about things that really need
improvement; other times it will be about
things that, well, some days it will only be
about good things, reinforcing the
good things and everything else,
and sometimes it will be both. But you
always... And once again, I'm
giving my opinion, you always have to
do it. "Bite or blow" isn't my
leadership style. Even in the thing about
the styles, right? He
also talks about the Captain, Coach,
Diplomat thing, it's very much about understanding
what your style is. The
people I work with, the people I
lead, etc., know that when something
really
cool happens, something that stands out,
some reinforcement, they will receive it. But
that doesn't necessarily mean that if
a good one comes, a bad one will follow, or if you see
an R, this rule isn't like one-to-
one, in the sense that you always have to
give a negative one. No, but think about
it in the long term, you know? Like, it's not
one day if I have to give you
constructive feedback and I have to
give something good along with it. It's like in the
long term, you can't give 20
negative feedbacks.  For a person, it's a
positive reinforcement, unless they're
really doing very badly and
not doing anything good at all.
But as I said, for me this
served much less as a way of having to
have a list of six things for each
person I talk about—I never stopped
to count them—and much more as a
reminder to notice the
positive things and talk about them. I think if
I mention this in the text, you know what I mean,
because it's very easy to
go through the day-to-day like, "Oh, the person did
something, gave a great presentation, it was
good, the
communication was great, well-structured," and
you say, "Okay, business as usual, they did their
job." And
sometimes there are things that are nice to
say to the person, even if it's just
to say, "Hey, that slide
you made that way had a
very positive effect on people."
For me, it serves much more as
a break from the start. Pay attention to the
good things too, to
reinforce the behavior. It's reinforcement of
positive behavior so that when you
have to say something bad,
you're not just the person who only
brings negative things.  You know, uh-huh, no,
no, I totally agree with that. I also
had that kind of thing, it was a turning point once
when I received feedback like that, like, "Patron
Arthur, whenever you
receive feedback it's good, I'm expecting
more," and that activated that feeling in me, like, "Man,
I don't
necessarily have to bring
both things." You know, there are days, and it's
super fair play with the people I
lead, because there are days when everything is going to be great, it's going to
be all good stuff
because
things are really going well at that moment, and that's what's
necessary for your position. You're all set,
check, check, check, and there will be days when
things that are expected aren't
happening, so I need to bring something up, or
sporadically something happens, and
I need to bring something that
helps me a lot, and I've already said this in other
episodes. And I think that's very
particular to each person. I have
my own diary of things, you know, so
I literally write down practically everything
from all the meetings or
all the contexts I'm in, so to
compile the feedback, etc., it's
much more practical that way.  People,
you mentioned the concept of tangibility,
what perception is, what fact is, right?
Because sometimes you're
perceiving
something, but you don't have the facts to support it.
So, in
my feedback sessions, I often say things like, "I'm
going to tell you something I'm
noticing, but I don't have facts
to say that." I don't want to know about that. There's
another one: "In this situation,
you acted like this," like, "
This generated such and such, and
how would I expect it to work?" Maybe we should
do it differently because the result
wasn't what we would normally expect.
And that last point
you made is actually a framework
I like to use to
structure feedback:
situation, behavior, impact. The
situation is very connected to the fact.
So, in journalistic terms, what
was the fact that happened? What was the
behavior you had? What was
the impact it generated? And it connects to
what you said about sometimes in
presentations thinking about the impact
you want to generate, right? So sometimes you
want to generate an impact.  You generated another [problem], and
then you make that clear in the feedback, and I
add something of mine, which is what
I think you could do differently
given this, you know? So, I give that
clarity to the person, and then I also
provoke them, like, "This
situation will probably happen again, so
let's try to change this here so you can see, so you can
see for yourself in practice what
the result will be, whether it will be
different or not." And also, since we
're talking about the fact of bringing
arguments and data and everything else, one of the
points that Sérgio also comments on is the
issue of clear and direct feedback, right?
If the feedback... well, you need to be more
strategic, okay? What does that mean,
right? So, the more
arguments you have, the more ways you have to
do this and that.
You're not going to always be able to... well,
you don't know exactly what's
going on, but
as a leader, you have moments with the
stakeholders of the people you lead
to gather their perceptions, to
gather their perceptions or facts,
combine them with yours, make correlations,
and say, "Okay, I'll bring this here,"
bringing the points here.  States and
so on, and how you structure the
feedback, right? In the end, it's very much
related to this
middle ground, this understanding of the moment,
because sometimes, man, something
really bizarre or very
different happens, but if you're really
close to the team, which is the duty of a
leader, right? If you're
close to your team, you know the people on
your team, you know, maybe
that day someone messed up in the
meeting, but they're swamped with other
things, you know? So you can choose
not to give feedback, you can say, "Look, I
'm just going to point this out to you because I
know you're swamped with other things, you know?"
So, no, it's not
relevant, but it's just to keep an eye on it. Something happened, so let's keep an
eye on it. And there are times when it's the opposite,
right? The same situation that happened
might have a moment where, like, how are
you going to say it? It will have to be more
direct because that moment calls for it. And
that's what we talked about in the
previous section, how to connect
things and understand the form of
communication, what is expected, and
what you...  You want the other person to
feel it, right? I think a
really cool thing about the relationship between leader
and team member is having
agreements about which plates are okay to
drop. At what point, right? As
product people, we know that normally
we have much more to deal with
in our daily lives than we have hands
to carry, and I think it's very much the
leader's role to help, right? And say, "Hey,
this plate is okay to drop, but
this plate absolutely cannot drop,
this plate here, dedicate 20% to
looking at it, just to see if everything is okay." And
another thing, we talked a lot about
feedback here, right? But Sérgio talks about
this in the text about After Feedback, which is
the person's development plan, and I
think he doesn't talk about this
in the text, but about the recovery plan
as well, sometimes when the person isn't
doing well, right? But from the start, you have a
plan, of course, you have
follow-up routines. So it's not about making the plan
and leaving it there and never looking at
that document again, you know? From time to time,
look together, see if it's progressing, what the
person thinks about it, and something
that...  I think it's great that both
recovery and
development plans are like trying to make them clear
to the person, so it's clear what
they need to do, but not
binary, you know, done or not done, because
otherwise it becomes very difficult for you as a
leader, and sometimes it's very hard to be
sure if the person is
progressing or not, if they are
evolving or not in
their development plan or
recovery plan. So you have to make
this plan together with your team member in
a way that you can
evaluate it along the way. So if it's a
three-month plan with the person,
within the first month you have to have
checkpoints where you can have
clarity and certainty that this person is
doing well in this and that. When you make
a plan that is very focused on
delivering a certain project, doing a certain thing,
you won't just be able to say
yes or no when it's over, you know? It's
not about delivering this project
in a month, okay, in a month you'll be
able to say that, but you'll be
able to say within that month if the
person is doing the things to achieve
that result. So I think it's
something to keep in mind in the
end.  (Analogism) Surely
I've already talked about this in another episode, and
you, who are the police of what I say and
repeat myself in the episodes, should know. I
await your analysis here: the
product cycle. It works for... Go [ __ ] yourself
if you... you yourself know
that you say all the time, "This
needs me," so... but it works
for people too. I've already said in some
episode that it's... it
's cadence for you to understand
situations, see what you're going to prioritize,
see the fact that this is happening, see the
result of this, and next, and repeat as much as
necessary. Because the more
you can create this cadence of giving
and receiving feedback, the more you will be
able to act, iterate, and evolve. And once again,
we know that there will be moments when it
really will be like that, but what's
agreed upon isn't expensive, and then it's all good.
And then this leads to the other aspect that
this really needs to be agreed upon,
because otherwise you leave things like, "Oh, let's leave
aside here,
deprioritize the feedback," and so on, or "
Okay, not the meeting where we're going to
talk about the day-to-day, I'll give
another feedback here, but..."  The
daily rush is so intense that
you end up not talking, and then it becomes a
snowball effect. Feedback shouldn't be a
surprise, right? So, if you
maintain this consistency and cadence, the
evolution will naturally be much more practical, just like the
evolution of a product. The
faster you can change it, the more versions you start to
have, and this will branch out
into other possibilities. After
this further mention of the product cycle, let's talk about the
products of the week. Not before talking about
the products of the week, let's say that in the
end, everything boils down to three things:
transparency and trust, which for me is
the basis of any relationship, and in
work, it's one of them: monitoring,
cadence, and consistency. Creating moments
to say what needs to be said, both about
the good parts and the parts that have room for
improvement, is key. That's it. Don't
forget to give feedback and create these
cadences with your teams, and talk to
your leaders if you're
feeling a lack of feedback because
sometimes in the day-to-day, your leader is also
swallowed up by things and hasn't
realized they're letting it slip.
So, do this managing up
[Music]
too, and we've arrived here to...  Here's another
segment of the product of the week, and I'll
start by saying that
the victory in the online polls was overwhelming, so we're
continuing with the
product of the week segment. We
received a comment on Spotify
that I found interesting, and I think that
will be this week's poll, Artur. I'm
asking people to comment
there with more details about whether they think
this segment needs changes
because there was a comment on Spotify
saying, "Hey, the segment should continue, but
maybe you should focus more on one
product and talk more specifically about it."
So, if you
think there's an opportunity to
change the format of the segment, then I've decided
the product of the week segment
continues. But we can change it, so
tell us if you think we
should change the format and how you
would like it to be. So, Artur, what
's your product this week? For
now, it's continuing in the same format as
always. Let's see... mine was Instagram. Man,
I really think they're doing great.
It's a product you do
n't even realize you're consuming, you know? It's
crazy, for better or for worse, right?
Exactly, exactly, but you know...  One thing
I've been doing related to this is that I have a
few profiles, and I see that a lot of people
have this, you know? Like, I have my "
Brothers" profile, and I know
people are keeping up with each other and everything, especially the people
close to me. I have one that's just for
tech stuff, and I have
several people who have that. So,
you train your
pet algorithm, right? And then it learns
things very quickly. Anyway, that's it. I've already
talked about this here. I have a profile
just for following people from the Creator
Economy. After I joined Hotmart
to delve deeper and stuff, it helped a lot.
But did you know that this is a
behavior? Having several
different profiles, like having one
just for your very close friends,
one just for your family, one where
you're just a random persona? It's a
super J-like behavior. Look, what's
yours? Tell me what yours was this
week. It was Booking.com, I'm going to
travel in June, and I was looking for PR, where are you going? I'm going to
PR, Maceió, Lagoas. If
anyone has any
tips, I'd appreciate it.  Maceió Lagoas, our
listeners from Maceió, here are some places to
eat. Send them your suggestions, because I'll be passing through in June, it's
just a quick weekend trip.
But I was booking a hotel and I
was impressed that Booking.com, which used to be
very pushy in its UI, is
now showing how many
people are viewing it, and it still
has those elements, but I think
they're much smoother in the
experience now. So, like, only when
you scroll to see the
room options does it tell you, "There are three more
rooms available in this one." I
think in the navigation I experienced, it didn't
even have that "how many
people are viewing" thing. So there's been a bit
of a change in
their approach to the product. I found it much more
pleasant to use than it used to be
in the past. So it's not quite like an
Airbnb experience in terms of UI/UX and
navigation, but I found it more
pleasant to use. And I
especially think the Booking.com filters are
very good, man. Very straightforward,
very easy to
filter exactly all the things that
are important to you, very easy
there on booking.com. So, what did our
listeners send us this week?
Artur, Eduardo Augusto sent the
overli, I used it a lot in my master's degree too.
That's the one everyone's
sending, right? Lucas sent Brilliant,
which is an app for learning
computer science and math, it was even chosen as
the app of the week
by Apple and stuff, and it's super well-
regarded. Anana sent Omni, which is for
searching for train tickets. These were
just the ones not in Brazil. This is... These
were the most different ones, but the
usual ones... Danilão sent
Kindle, the sacred one sent Excel,
andrezão sent about Game Pass, Glau
sent money, another one of the
best-spent moneys I spend on Game
Pass, and I use it much less than I'd
like, but I pay without a problem.
Glau sent the one about Dasa, but every now and
then other people have also sent
about the Dasa app, saying they're having
a good experience and stuff, so the guys
are really doing well. I hope
Glau is doing well, right? Is he using Dad?
Yes, no, his daughter is about to be born,
and so on. Yeah, and speaking of the
daughter who's about to be born, I...  The boss's son was born.
Because he's my tech dad,
Henrique's son, who's my
tech dad at Dock, he was born, so
send a hug to him and
Camila, the baby who arrived new in the
world. Mateus sent United Airlines.
That one was stolen. United Airlines is
n't a product, damn it, it's an
airline. No, it's the app, damn it. Oh,
United, there you go, see? Look how it is.
And an anonymous user here, we won't say
the name, preferred to ask for a description, sent
Tinder, but that's it, keep sending. So,
the apps of the week for us, answer
this week's new poll and leave your
comments, right? More details if you
think something should change. This week
they used the Spotify comment box,
I think it was Lucas, it was Lucas Matos who
left the comment, I don't remember now,
but you can send it to the
Spotify comment box, you can send it to
Substack, we publish the podcast
on Substack, you can leave comments there, you
can send it to the LinkedIn post that
we usually do, on Arena's Instagram,
on my personal Instagram and
Artur's, send it anywhere,
we'll read it, it will reach them.  Here, and we're going to
discuss how to make a better podcast
for you every week, because our
goal here is
[Music], right?
And with that, we conclude another
episode. So don't forget to
interact with the post on our
social media,
add it to your playlist, give it
five stars, share it with
someone as we mentioned at the
beginning, and follow us on social media
to always stay updated on
Instagram, Twitter, and
LinkedIn @pr carena @art Close comk
@x. Send us your
suggestions, comment, and interact. And I can
do something here:
if you have any
interesting people you like, YouTubers,
newsletters, whatever, that you'd like
to see us talking about, you know? This
person says really cool things that
could be podcast topics. It's been a while since we've received a suggestion
from
listeners, so send it to us! We
want to see what you guys like
and what might be cool for us to
talk about here, so send it to us!  Guys, I
'm really asking for your help, you know?
But that's it, and next week we'll be
back with another edition of "Papo
na Arena" (Chat in the Arena). That's it, we'll hear from you
next week, so thanks, thanks!